the first thing we need to do for fruit
tree is get in tune the end of my guitar
is disappeared out of shop because we
are going to cut though with the fifth
fret but to getting tuned will will do
it without the capital to start off with
now the good thing about this is your
top four strings stay the same a
standard tuning first string is e second
string B third string G fourth string D
but in a very unusual tuning that I've
never seen anybody else used before the
fifth string tune up to B do that a
little bit carefully no need to break
and the sixth string tubes are way down
to be the mine's a little bit flat
because when I can't Bob at the fifth
fret it will raise the pitch of that
string a little bit you might find the
same thing but tune it down to be put
the cover then on the fifth fret and
then check that the 6th and 5th strings
not more or less an octave apart a good
test is to make an a chord shape of you
make a move it up two frets and just
play that as a chord that will tell you
if that sounds in tune and then your
guitar is nicely into you that's it for
the tuning let's let's leave that video
there and then we'll come back in the
next video and look at both parts of the
introduction this video is going to look
at the introduction which comes in two
parts let's take a look at part one
first of all which is the first two bars
of your tab and you see there's a little
tiny third bar would include that too
and I'll tell you what's going on but
let's play it first but one interim part
one
now - it's a little Prelude and it's
sort of it in free time as it were
there's no real pulse to this music -
chord shapes that we're gonna see a lot
during the course of this song the first
one is the 5th string 2nd fret and the
3rd string 2nd fret that's the first
part of the tab play out of this chord
shape initially 5 4 3 2 3 4 5 I do that
with thumb on 5 and index middle and
ring fingers playing strings 4 3 & 2
now that there's no real pulse but think
of it as one and two and three and then
pitch 501 so now your ring finger goes
to the first string and cut down the
strings two three four with your thumb
five with your thumb and four either
with your index finger or thumb five and
six and but it's rhythm is not precise
just just play with a lot of freedom in
those notes now move to the a shape that
we looked at when we looked at the
tuning I play that this time with three
fingers like this on the fourth third
and second strings because this becomes
quite a cramped position so three
fingers like this also we're going to
find that we need the index finger later
on that's another reason why this leaves
us limited use this shape so that the
index finger is free here are we going
to play five four three two three four
and in six and one without Lolo be on
the base 6 of 1 2 3 4 5 similar rhythm
if it has any at all 1 & 2 & 3 & 4 5 & 6
now he puts these little 2 notes on the
5th string and after a pause there and
back again to the initial bar bar 1